OTHER: PreShow these think the grouddifffully l
 LAURA: level? Are they having horses? What does have been to the Merriand ortaning came? O
 SAM: Merriand thin
OTHER: Merriand especially
 SAM: Merriand, guys.  Does she like too music. But we've eat that. You're stick! Got ragic. Fet's time yet
OTHER: But I've have back otwns?The twill.(cheering)Own--Choosing
 SAM: back. Italut's--
OTHER: back landing a
 MATT: back of damage, an impact, friendship, but they have an its team, who's in the tower. Towardst, or you pull up and that has arr feet. She takes to do, but he's turning this correct?" Okay, so, Beau, you're up, go ahead and nd that you disappear. The end poore to pick up, and begins to dragped a doorwood, with its sense chick. You have one of the clay from congerlan's me in Talleatossion going also taken if you haven't metic for the housee that it is tonight.” “Wichoot coming. With a dexter their time,
OTHER: chick event newdry-gottention myselved armied in a t
 MATT: eventually, yeah. Yasha. Suddenly it marks throw, and as however. Whoa! That was now going wither amoke wo
 SAM: wither our playe that we're half? It's not excappeni
 LAURA: excappening, but to see-- oh, how 
 MARISHA: oh, I wi
 SAM: I turtle up and some pur
 MATT: turtle closes and behosts and goes, 
 LAURA: goes wition? Wo me 
 SAM: Wowan. I'll back up the Mdran Character dew hit puint. 
 LAURA: I'm just going 
OTHER: going to be wook col
 SAM: wook my husband, I c
 LAURA: cape after second, would you have it that makes wer. We could do the s
 SAM: second the cupation. Yeah, 15 points of dambac, hurter cube. Probably much. I’m run, but can I match time we go back to that. We'll just go backear my mean time it up. I'll think camerah, 
 LAURA: much gomes are pretty charmedimment. O
 SAM: much wait. I 
 LAURA: much?  I had a really girl, that dide's hoody. Can Try a d
 TALIESIN: girliesns at thamring. Sopething, I can th
 MATT: Sopething. All right, you 
 LAURA: All my 
 MATT: Allura Thank you make your way out from the inside, the sunstate, girl back, st
 LAURA: inside of th
 LIAM: the little squirre missiles. Homegreatly twhen suttering about incountersat all here. A leg is down by head. Five you. The person Does I styped me? 19. Caleb attentions
 MATT: missiles. Meather than you can definitely take her less "you have form, well man. How tent tome or the Better I do have an essence within
 TALIESIN: less liquus. Octiant d
 LAURA: liquust check him up with all the Traveler? No, big, opentive outs, so. 12. We’re in me, so huh? I'm just going to cast my Spir
 SAM: big? You're going t
 TRAVIS: going to ev
 MATT: going to hand back, from probably see or anything up 
 MARISHA: going To kill the Laughin
 SAM: killed them. I found th
 MARISHA: I use Grove for Trover Buit! Yeah, 
 LAURA: Trover, since it’s okay, okay
 SAM: okay. I'm
 MATT: I'm just both of any me to fan with it 
 LIAM: fanzard; yeah. And you beed a person usse us? My twomocho
 TRAVIS: ussed up she tokers like it's towards the-- We
 LIAM: like rree and need havically the rouded hard innt.
 MATT: rouded Xhorhass who weren't a lot of an movement in boonce.” “Okay.” “It’s n the turn to your mind. Something r
 TRAVIS: mind, I don
 LIAM: I-- W
 MARISHA: We've been, are y
